OKTA-551775 Remove webauthn from hw protected constraint (#3758)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/policy/index.md

}
```

> ##### Any 2 Factors with 1 being a hardware-protected Authenticator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Any two Factors with one being a hardware-protected Authenticator
```
